CSL-125-add-start-pages (#97)
UKHomeOffice/controlled-substance-licence: apps/common/views/content/en/before-you-start.md

## Before you start

You must be registered to use this service.

> <a href="{{#t}}pages.sign-in.register-link{{/t}}" class="govuk-link">Register for this service</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="/registration" class="govuk-link">Register for this service</a>
```

Reviewer: this will allow you to navigate to the registration page in all environments
